Identifying high-risk Covid-19 Neighborhoods in Boston

Introduction & Business Problem

The goal of this project is to use location data on various neighborhoods in Boston in order to identify which ones are more
dangerous and vulenerable with respect to the novel coronavirus. This is an important current issue faced mostly by the United States since Covid-19
is still in full swing as the curve as not yet been flattened. Identifying high-risk neighborhoods can help people avoid those areas
while they are socially distancing- which can not only help protect the people living in those neighborhoods, but also those that are not. 

As many are aware, Covid-19 is a dangerous virus with no known cure (currently), and it can be spread by asymptomatic carriers. As a result, 
people with pre-existing medical conditions or with compromised immunity are especially susceptible to the virus, and they should be protected. 
Although Boston is one of the better cities with their denizens abiding by the mask guidelines and generally socially distancing when compared with 
other cities and states in the country, coronavirus is still prevalent, and any minor error could potentially cause the virus to resurface. 

I plan to use location data and API calls on the various neighborhoods in Boston, and perform a clustering algorithm to determine which neighborhoods
are dangerous and should be avoided versus neighborhoods that are not as risky. The criteria for determining what constitutes a high risk area is based
mostly on the venues nearby in such neighborhood. For example, a neighborhood with a lot of restaurants or areas where a high number of people can gather
in somewhat close proximity. Currently, Boston has officially opened up restaurants and other areas with appropriate social distancing measures, but the risk 
of spreading or contracting the virus still remains high. 

In an ideal world, people can properly avoid going out until the virus is eliminated or the curve flattened, but that is impractical. As a result, I hope this
project will at the very least make people think twice about the locations they aim to visit. 